---
layout: posts
author_profile: true
title: Welcome All!
---

## Introduction

**Hello world!** My name is Adam and I'd like to welcome you to my site! This tiny spec in cyberspace is dedicated to cybersecurity exploration. Whether it be hiking a mountain or hacking a system, I take with me the mindset of an explorer. Cyber and information security are most often themed with offense and defense, attack and secure. Given the landscape and malicious intent driving many actors, this theme is necessary. However, this is a place focused more on research and education. A curious and joyful attitude will be powerful attributes here for depth in learning, long-term dedication, and maintaining a high quality of life. 

- - - 

## Why DigitalHammer

The term "DigitalHammer" is both an alias and a mindset. To quote Marvel's Odin describing Mjolnir (Thor's hammer): *"Its power has no equal - as a weapon to destroy, or as a tool to build."* This concept describes not only what we do as architects in the digital world, but also what humanity does as a whole. We are constantly building, testing, tearing down, and starting again. No architecture is ever perfect and no project is ever complete. A hammer is one of the most valuable tools we have and we'll take it with us as we explore cyberspace. 

- - -

## What to Expect

Everything done here will be in the form of research, engineering, and education. We will explore and build endless systems and technologies to see how they function, how we can maneuver through them, and to document everything we find. The purpose is to serve the continual evolution of technology and have fun while we are doing it. We are in the age of endless digital landscapes and I say we embrace it for all it is worth. 